org/home/demoauthentication/users/model/UserRewards.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.model.UserRewards
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/model/ChallengeService.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.model.ChallengeService
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/endpoints/ChallengesController.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.endpoints.ChallengesController
org/home/demoauthentication/DemoApplication.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.DemoApplication
org/home/demoauthentication/exceptions/ValidationException.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.exceptions.ValidationException
 org.home.demoauthentication.exceptions.ValidationException$ValidationMessage
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/endpoints/RewardDTO.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.endpoints.RewardDTO
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/endpoints/ChallengeDTO.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.endpoints.ChallengeDTO
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/model/ChallengeRepository.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.model.ChallengeRepository
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/model/Reward.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.model.Reward
org/home/demoauthentication/security/HomeController.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.security.HomeController
org/home/demoauthentication/users/model/User.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.model.User
org/home/demoauthentication/exceptions/ExceptionController.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.exceptions.ExceptionController
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/repository/RewardsRepo.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.repository.RewardsRepo
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/endpoints/RewardsController.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.endpoints.RewardsController
org/home/demoauthentication/security/SecurityConfig.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.security.SecurityConfig
org/home/demoauthentication/ValidateInput.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.ValidateInput
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/repository/ChallengesRepo.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.repository.ChallengesRepo
org/home/demoauthentication/challenges/model/Challenge.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.challenges.model.Challenge
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/model/RewardRepository.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.model.RewardRepository
org/home/demoauthentication/users/model/UserChallenges.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.model.UserChallenges
org/home/demoauthentication/rewards/model/RewardService.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.rewards.model.RewardService
org/home/demoauthentication/users/endpoints/UsersController.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.endpoints.UsersController
org/home/demoauthentication/users/model/UserChallengesService.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.model.UserChallengesService
org/home/demoauthentication/users/repository/UserChallengesRepo.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.repository.UserChallengesRepo
org/home/demoauthentication/users/model/UserChallengesRepository.java
 org.home.demoauthentication.users.model.UserChallengesRepository
